Update xss-filter-evasion-cheatsheet.md (#271)
OWASP/www-community: pages/xss-filter-evasion-cheatsheet.md

    <A HREF="http://www.google.com/ogle.com/">XSS</A>

> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

## Assisting XSS with HTTP Parameter Pollution

> Assume a content sharing flow on a web site is implemented as below. There is a "Content" page which includes some content provided by users and this page also includes a link to "Share" page which enables a user choose his/her favourite social sharing platform to share on it. Developers HTML attribute encoded "title" parameter in "Content" page to prevent from XSS but for some reasons they didn't URL encoded this parameter to prevent from HTTP Parameter Pollution. And also they thought as content_type's value is a constant and it will always be integer as a result of this they didn't encode or validate content_type in "Share" page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assume a content sharing flow on a web site is implemented as below. There is a "Content" page which includes some content provided by users and this page also includes a link to "Share" page which enables a user choose their favorite social sharing platform to share it on. Developers HTML encoded the "title" parameter in the "Content" page to prevent against XSS but for some reasons they didn't URL encoded this parameter to prevent from HTTP Parameter Pollution. Finally they decide that since content_type's value is a constant and will always be integer, they didn't encode or validate the content_type in the "Share" page.
```

> **Content page source code:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Content page source code
```

>     <a href="/Share?content_type=1&title=<%=Encode.forHtmlAttribute(untrusted content title)%>">Share</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`a href="/Share?content_type=1&title=<%=Encode.forHtmlAttribute(untrusted content title)%>">Share</a>`
```

> **Share page source code:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Share page source code
```

>     <script>
>     var contentType = <%=Request.getParameter("content_type")%>;
>     var title = "<%=Encode.forJavaScript(request.getParameter("title"))%>";
>     ...
>     //some user agreement and sending to server logic might be here
>     ...
>     </script>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js
<script>
var contentType = <%=Request.getParameter("content_type")%>;
var title = "<%=Encode.forJavaScript(request.getParameter("title"))%>";
...
//some user agreement and sending to server logic might be here
...
</script>
```
```

> **Content page output:**  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Content page output
```

In this case if attacker set untrusted content title as “This is a regular title&content_type=1;alert(1)” the link in "Content" page would be this:
    

>     <a href="/share?content_type=1&title=This is a regular title&amp;content_type=1;alert(1)">Share</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<a href="/share?content_type=1&title=This is a regular title&amp;content_type=1;alert(1)">Share</a>`
```

> **Share page output:**  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Share page output
```

And in share page output could be this:
    

>     <script>
>     var contentType = 1; alert(1);
>     var title = "This is a regular title";
>     …
>     //some user agreement and sending to server logic might be here
>     …
>     </script>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js
<script>
var contentType = 1; alert(1);
var title = "This is a regular title";
…
//some user agreement and sending to server logic might be here
…
</script>
```

```

> As a result, in this example main flaw is using content_type in "Share" page without proper encoding or validation, but HTTP Parameter Pollution could increase impact of the  XSS flaw by promoting it from a reflected XSS to a stored XSS. (Submitted by Agit Kaplan)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result, in this example the main flaw is trusting the content_type in the "Share" page without proper encoding or validation. HTTP Parameter Pollution could increase impact of the XSS flaw by promoting it from a reflected XSS to a stored XSS.
```

> 
> 
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
